samples: nrf9160: aws_fota: Remove nRF Cloud support and provisioning (#4209)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf9160/aws_fota/README.rst

=========================

The certificates that you created or added for your thing in AWS IoT must be stored on your kit so that it can connect to AWS IoT.

Use `LTE Link Monitor`_ to write the certificates to the kit.
This application, which is part of `nRF Connect for Desktop`_, provides a certificate manager that you can use to store the certificates on your kit:

   .. warning_start

   .. warning::

>       * The you could overwrite the certificates stored on the device with LTE Link monitor so eb sure to use the correct security tag number.

Reviewer: What?
Maybe:
```suggestion
      The LTE Link Monitor will overwrite the certificates stored on the device with the given security tag number.
      Therefore, make sure that you are using the correct security tag.
```
Also, only one warning left, so no bullets.

Author: Seems like i pushed something old on top of some changes sorry. Agreed (What?)

   .. warning_end

Use LTE Link Monitor to write the certificates to the kit:

>    The nRF Connect `LTE Link Monitor`_ provides a certificate manager that you can use to store the certificates on your kit:

Author: Tried to do as instructed, so removed the line but kept the line empty and removed the indentation for the following steps.

   Change this value to AWS IoT's MQTT broker.
   To find the address of the AWS IoT MQTT broker, open the AWS IoT console, go to :guilabel:`Test` and select :guilabel:`View endpoint` from the :guilabel:`Connected as XXX` drop-down menu.

.. option:: USE_CUSTOM_CLIENT_ID - Custom MQTT client ID

   The client ID links your kit to the thing in AWS IoT.

>    By default, the client ID is ``nrf-IMEI``, where *IMEI* is the IMEI number of your kit.

Reviewer: Is this still true? Since you changed it to your_client_id in line 61.

Author: That's true I should change line 61 back as I have changed the default again after changing the doc sorry.
